.\"
.\" Manual pages for elancc
.\" Copyright (C) 2005, M. Seutter
.\" 
.\"
.TH elancc 1 "19 mar 2005"
.LO 1
.SH NAME
elancc \- compiler for ELAN sources.
.SH SYNOPSYS
elancc [many options possible] filename
.SH WARNING
The information in the man page is an extract from the full documentation
of the ELAN compiler. As ELAN tends to evolve over time, this man page
might not always be up to date.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B elancc
compiles ELAN source code into (native,
.B gcc
compatible) Assembler, which is then assembled
using
.BR gcc (gas),
and then linked against the ELAN runtime system to generate an executable.
.SH OPTIONS
Options must be separated: `-lmS' is different from `-lm -S'.
The following options are specific for \fBelancc\fR.
.TP
.B -h
provides help on using \fBelancc\fR.
.TP
.B -V
gives version of \fBelancc\fR.
.TP
.B -d
turns on debugging mode.
.TP
.B -v
gives extra information while \fBelancc\fR is compiling.
.TP
.B -fv
gives lots of extra information while \fBelancc\fR is compiling.
.TP
.B -ic
enables compatibility with
.BR iris,
an older ELAN compiler and programming environment.
.TP
.B -pp
parses a single ELAN packet and outputs the packet in binary form.
In this way packets may be preparsed to speed up later compilation
of packets and main programs using this packet.
.TP
.B -po
enables parsing only mode of \fBelancc\fR.
After context free analysis, the compilation process stops. This
mode is provided to incorporate \fBelancc\fR in a programming environment.
.TP
.B -dl
dumps the output of the lexical analyzer.
It is provided for debugging purposes only.
.TP
.B -dp
dumps the output of the parser (context free analysis).
It is provided for debugging purposes only.
.TP
.B -dc
dumps the output of the checker (context dependent analysis).
It is provided for debugging purposes only.
.TP
.B -di
dumps the output of the intermediate code generator.
It is provided for debugging purposes only.
.TP
.B -do
dumps the output of the intermediate code optimizer.
It is provided for debugging purposes only.
.TP
\fB\-I\fR\fIdir\fR
adds \fIdir\fR to the packet search path (i.e. the list of directories
to search for ELAN packets, either as source or preparsed).
.PP
The following options have been incorporated into \fBelancc\fR
having the same semantics as for the Gnu compiler collection (gcc):
.TP
.B -g
generates debugging (stabs) information for the generated Assembler code. 
.TP
.B -O
turns on optimization.
.TP
.B -S
generates and outputs Assembler code, but does not assemble and link
the generated code.
.TP
.B -c
only compiles ELAN into object code, but does not link this code.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR \fImachine\fR
The \fImachine\fR argument specified the target machine for compilation.
This option is typically used in conjunction with the \fB\-S\fR flag for
crosscompilation to a different architecture as the host machine.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR \fIfile\fR
outputs the resultant assembler file, object file or executable to \fIfile\fR.
.TP
\fB\-L\fR\fIdir\fR
adds \fIdir\fR to the library search path (i.e. the list of directories
searched for \fB\-l\fR.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR\fIlib\fR
links the object file also against this library.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
A number of environment variables may influence the operation of \fBelancc\fR.
Note that some options like \fB\-I\fR and \fB\-L\fR specify directories
for searching. These take precedence over those specified by environment
variables in the sense that they will be searched first before searching
those specified by environment variables.
.TP
.B TMPDIR
If \fBTMPDIR\fR is set, it specifies the directory to use for temporary files.
\fBelancc\fR uses this directory to hold the output of the ELAN compiler and 
assembler as input to the next stage of compilation. By default, /tmp is used.
.TP
.B ELAN_INCLUDE_PATH
If \fBELAN_INCLUDE_PATH\fR is set, it specifies the directory to search for
ELAN packets.
.TP
.B ELAN_LIBRARY_PATH
If \fBELAN_LIBRARY_PATH\fR is set, it specifies the directory to search for
libraries to link the resulting object code against.
