.\"
.\" Manual pages for dcg
.\" Copyright (C) 2007, M. Seutter
.\" 
.\"
.TH dcg 1 "14 dec 2007"
.LO 1
.SH NAME
dcg \- datastructure generator.
.SH SYNOPSYS
dcg [many options possible] filename
.SH WARNING
The information in the man page is an extract from the full documentation
of the dcg datastructure generator. As dcg tends to evolve over time, this
man page might not always be up to date.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dcg
generates a C header and source file from a dcg data structure description
for subsequent compilation by a C compiler.
.SH OPTIONS
Options must be separated: `-xn' is different from `-x -n'.
The following options are specific for \fBdcg\fR.
.TP
.B -h
provides help on using \fBdcg\fR.
.TP
.B -V
gives version of \fBdcg\fR.
.TP
.B -n
forces \fBdcg\fR not to code i.e. the source files are only checked for validity.
.TP
.B -v
gives extra information while \fBdcg\fR is generating.
.TP
.B -fv
gives lots of extra information while \fBdcg\fR is generating.
.TP
\fB\-I\fR\fIdir\fR
adds \fIdir\fR to the search path (i.e. the list of directories
to search for \fBdcg\fR def files).
.SH COPYING
Copyright (C) 2008 Marc Seutter
.br

Mimir is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.br

Mimir is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
(Library) General Public License for more details.
.br

You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public
License and a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this version of MCDL; If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH AUTHOR
M. Seutter

